First

I attempted meditation, focusing on all of my senses, isolating my thoughts from the world, 
suppressing my consciousness to the minimum whilst remaining just aware enough to not blank out,
suppressing my subconsciousness to the minimum, focusing entirely on my conscious thoughts without any interruptions (admittedly, harder to do than the former)

I attempted breathing exercises while meditating. If I recall correctlty, the guidelines I was following were as follows:
"Sit in a comfortable position with your back straight. Close your eyes, clear your mind, isolate yourself from the surroundings and focus on your body. Not your thoughts, not your feelings, not any sounds, but your body. Are any parts of it feeling uncomfortable? If so, change your posture. How do your clothes feel against your body? Are any parts of your body cold? Hot? Get comfortable, but keep your back straight and remain upright.

Finally, once you're comfortable and focused, start breathing. Inhale slowly throughv your nose using your diaphragm(if you don't know how, then learn that first). Get as much air as you possibly can. Finally, take one more breath through the mouth and keep the air inside for a few seconds. Once that is done, exhale in 12 short, controlled bursts (try to keep the interval between them at least a second long, even if you want to let it out all at once). Repeat this"

From what I can recall, the first time I struggled to do everything right. I had to learn diaphragmatic breathing and unlearn clavicular breathing, I struggled to remain focused (because I tried too hard to do everything perfectly), I had trouble keeping myself from just exhaling it all at once rather than in precisely 12, controlled bursts and at first I felt as if this is all a bunch of horseshit

even while not attempting this exercise, I kept practicing diaphragmatic breathing and meditation

some time later I decided to try again, because I thought "what if this isn't all that nonsensical after all? Maybe the author is quite delusional and perhaps they're overadvertising this, but there could still be some benefits. It's not like it hurts to try, right?"
on my second try, it was much easier. I completed the exercise a few times, mostly correctly (excluding a few times I struggled to keep the air inside and ended up losing my balance)

and so I kept this up for a few days with only a smidger of hope to push me forward

eventually, one time, I realised that I'm feeling something. While exhaling, I felt a feeling that I struggle to describe. It felt as if my larynx, the area near the heart and whatever is inbetween got considerably warmer, but also not quite. The feeling didn't linger for long, not even a minute after I stopped the exercise it was gone as if it was never there to begin with

of course, that wasn't quite what I expected, but it was *something* for sure.

after some more practice, I was able to consistently experience it during the exercise and so, having memorized how the entire process felt, I started trying to replicate it during my daily life, outside of breathing exercises. It proved to be more challenging than I expected; I paid close attention to my breathing habits during my daily life and did my best to breathe in a similar way as during training and I failed, a lot

BUT, after some lengthy time I got it. I couldn't pull it off all the time, but I could keep it up during calm everyday activities like writing, reading or surfing the web. Demanding activities like running or even something as simple as talking still threw me off, however it already was progress

not long after, I could talk and "breathe" at the same time, ensuring that odd feeling remains

Afterwards, I started experimenting further
I tried some unsuccessful attempts at spreading it beyond the short scope it had (spreading it to my limbs or even the rest of the torso), however, I had noticed that this feeling isn't constant. It feels differently when I inhale and when I exhale. Upon inhaling, there's a slight tingle and upon exhaling there's the usual warmth
sometime thereafter I came to the brilliant idea of trying to mix them up - see if they're directly caused by inhaling and exhaling or if they're just correlated

THAT yielded a massive success. I find it difficult to explain in words exactly what I did, but it's as like having 2 pairs of lungs but not really



CORRECTION
it seems that the form I'm using is EXACTLY a combination of clavicular, thoracic AND diaphragmatic breathing
and there's a third type of breathing called thoracic
clavicular -> collarbone goes up
thoracic -> chest goes forward
diaphragmatic -> stomach goes forward
interestingly enough, there's this weird thingamajing inbetween lungs that feels like a separate container of sorts that only feels satisfied if I include thoracic AND clavicular breaathing (one of em alone only seems to be able to *keep* it satisfied for a limited amount of time, but to properly recover both are needed. Thoracic lasts for longer, probably because it causes a larger expansion)
breathing with thoracic and clavicular does satisfy the central thingamabob whatever it is, but the lungs themselves feel quite unfulfilled (most likely, because they're not expanded to the fullest, thus not filled with nearly as much oxygen as they could be, because diaphragm isn't being used)

day n+5:
my control over "breathing" has improved, but is still far from good
I still struggle to keep it up while excited or performing cardiovascularly intensive activities (such as running)
after succeeding in *mostly* spreading "the feeling" to the rest of my body, I attempted to focus it in one spot (my pinky finger)
It was much harder than expected and after 20 or so minutes of carefully guiding it through my body, it only had barely reached there (at this point, I'm inclined to believe this result was more of a placebo than anything)
I suppose it is still far too early to attempt such for me. Before attempting again, I'm going to work on improving the duration of my "breathing" (as in, how long I can keep it up before having to stop for whatever reason)
and my overall control over spreading it through my body (as in, I'll try to spread it throughout my entire body every time I inhale during "breathing", attempting to cover it all)

day n+7:
I now require much shallower breaths to experience the same thing, noticed no other changes so far

day n+8:

